# CS-230
Operating Platforms

For this project, I worked as a technology consultant. My client, The Gaming Room, wanted to develop a web-based game that could be played on multiple platforms. The game was called Draw It or Lose It and the software requirements were to have a game with one or more teams and multiple players assigned to a team. The game and team names had to be unique and only one instance of the game could exist in memory at a time. I think I did particulary well in updating the executive summary, design constraints, and domain model. When working through the design document, I found that the domain model was extremely helpful in developing the code because we could see how the classes relate to each other and what attributes and operations are in each class. If I could choose one part of my work on these documents to revise the recommendations and talk more about how to secure the servers under the security section. I interpreted the user's needs as the most important requirements for the game application and made sure the needs were met. It is important to consider the user's needs because they are the ones using the application and must have an easy time going through the application in order to reach the desired outcome. I approached designing this software by keeping the clients needs/requirements in mind. The techniques I would use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application would be to create the outline of the project by creating the pseudocode, executive summary, requirements list, and domain model. This way I can plan out how to develop the software. I would also make sure the code passes all tests. 
